fix(curriculum): add UTC clarification note to odd or even day challenge (#65884)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/daily-coding-challenges-python/696655d24b614176d4c9b78d.md

For example, given `1769472000000`, a timestamp for January 27th, 2026, return `"odd"` because the day number (`27`) is an odd number.

> Note: The timestamp is in milliseconds and should be interpreted in `"UTC (Unix time)"`, not your local timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The timestamp is in milliseconds and you should use the date in the UTC timezone, not in your local time.
```
